yo what's up guys and welcome back to
brand new video you're on my channel and
in today's video i'm going to show you
the best fortnite chapter 2 season 7
optimization pack with all the most
important programs to make sure that
your pc is running at 100 and you'll be
getting those high fps numbers if you
guys want to support my work please
don't forget to leave a like and
subscribe to my channel this will help
me so so much without any produce let's
get straight into this topic so guys and
those are all the programs i want to
show you in today's video we got check
disk mem test memory deck timer set
resolution fm priority and cleaner and
as mentioned you can get all of these
programs on my discord which you guys i
don't want to make like a full on
boosting pack because not every pc is
the same not everyone has the same cpu
ram speed and stuff like that so please
guys just keep that in mind and the
first program we want to actually start
here is called check disk and we just
have to make sure to run it actually as
an administrator otherwise we won't have
access to actually do this here and as
you can see we see all my hard drives
and ssds on my pc i got my main m.2 ssd
here as my c drive and let's say i just
want to check it for any errors you know
because you just want to make sure that
your windows is running 100
that your hard drives are not damaged or
they're like maybe some corrupted files
which will definitely decrease the speed
of your ssd and just make your games
load way slower and actually reduce fps
so therefore i'm just going to select it
here and then you can see we have three
types of tests we have the standard one
the furrow one and the check if dirty
and i'm just gonna keep it here on
standard actually and also put the
checking on correct arrows and then as
you can see here i selected everything
correctly and we're just gonna press
here on check disk and as you can see
guys it's working here in the background
actually scamming my whole entire ssd
for corrupted files and stuff to replace
and yeah there we go here it's actually
all completed successfully and our ssd
hdd or whatever you're using should be
now actually with zero issues and it's
just gonna speed up your windows overall
and there's more smoother windows is
going to mean more fps in-game actually
and yeah therefore we just done here
with this first step and yeah guys the
next program we're actually going to
talk about is called memtas and we're
just going to open this up here real
quick click on ok and what this program
does is insane it's going to check your
ram for any issues you know after like
maybe um corrupted files have been
installed for windows updates or stuff
like that your ram might not work 100
i've seen this actually already a lot
like tons of people especially on
laptops with like four gigs of ram only
can use like 3.86 gigs of ram or stuff
like that so therefore with this one you
can just check if it's working actually
like a hundred percent and yeah
so therefore with this program you can
just check if your ram is actually
really working and now you can see here
we have to enter a mount in megabytes of
ram to test and since we're working with
megabytes we have to think about okay if
we have 8 gigs of ram that's 8 000
megabytes um but keep in mind guys
windows usually utilizes between 2.5 to
3 gigs of ram so we can only check like
5000 megabytes if we're running eight
gigs of ram but since i'm running more
than eight gigs of ram i'm just going to
put in your 8 000 but it's gonna tell
you actually that this doesn't work and
here's like the tricky part about this
program you can only test two until like
3.5 gigs of ram at the same time and if
you want to actually test let's say
something like eight gigs you need to
run this program four times with two
gigs of ram being tested so that's what
we're going to do right now let's just
say we want to test eight gigs of ram
we're gonna put in 2000 start a test
here real quick and as you can see i
just repeated this step four times in a
row and it's now being checked here four
times two gigs of ram which is gonna
check a total of eight gigs of ram on
our pc and i would just recommend you to
do this like every two to three months
just to make sure that everything is
working fine and we're just going to
wait until this here is actually over
and with that said we're already done
here with this step and yeah guys for
this next program we're actually going
to take a look at ccleaner and i know i
already did a full on video dedicated
about this program but i just want to
mention it because it's such an insane
program guys what you can let you do
here is do a full on health check of
your pc it's gonna scan everything if
you have some junkie on your pc i don't
know some missing files stuff like that
it's just gonna repair your windows
overall which is just a great thing the
check disk one was just like
additionally to check if your hard drive
or your ssd or stuff like that are
working 100 and this one is just going
to check your whole entire system for
missing data which are necessary for
windows to run at 100 and we're just
going to fix it all the issues guys i
already did a full on video which i'm
gonna link in the description and you
simply have so many options here to also
check your whole entire windows for
lychee temporary data which are unwanted
of course because yeah they're just
gonna slow down your windows and you can
also like clean up your pc here super
well in this program and i'm just gonna
leave it in the description as mentioned
a full-on video explaining this year
step by step and now let's move over
with the next program so guys and for
this next step we're gonna take a look
at memory duct which is just gonna make
sure that the temporary data which are
saved on your ram which is the so-called
standby list is getting clean actually
and yeah the more filled up your standby
list is the slower your pc is going to
run so therefore all you guys have to do
is just simply click on file and onto
settings and just please make sure that
under memory cleaning you have
everything selected here working set
system working side standby list then
buy list plus modify page and combine
memory list just simply make sure to
copy all my settings here guys and then
what i would recommend you guys under
memory management is to just simply put
the check here on clean when above a
certain percentage and we're just going
to put in there sixty percent this is
like more or less like the best one you
know you don't want to like spam it
always because it might actually cause
additional stutter or lag so therefore
just simply put it here on 60 guys and
you can also put a clean every and then
like a certain minute amount which could
be like 30 minutes which would also work
i guess uh then you obviously have to
disable the second check here but yeah i
would just simply keep it here on 60
so i don't actually clean up my ram when
it's not needed because as mentioned it
can cause some issues there and yeah
then you obviously also can make like a
hotkey so you can do it like every time
when you realize oh my fps are kind of
low right now i just want to clean my
slime by list and you can do it
obviously as well and as mentioned guys
i have a full on tutorial about this
already as well which is going to be
linked in description and yeah with that
stuff we can just simply close this
program here and let's move over to the
next one and you guys for the next
program i want to show you a timer set
resolution which can let you reduce your
windows input delay by 50 if we just
press the maximum here guys we're going
to take a look here our current
resolution is on 0.500 as it should be
normally if your says something
different let's say like 0.49 0.48 stuff
like that guys don't be worried i'll
show you exactly how to fix it just
simply go in the description guys i'm
going to put these two comments here on
and all you guys have to do then is open
up your cmd on your windows 10 and open
it up as an administrator just simply
launch it and you will see this new
window here and then just simply copy
both of these comments here which are in
the description paste them in here and
you can see it's completed and then just
copy the next one here and also paste it
in there and yeah it should be fixed by
now just simply close the cmd then voice
and now you can run your timer set
resolution and if you now press maximum
it should say exactly 0.500 and you
apply this successfully many fortnite
players use this program actually t feel
back in the days canada benji fishy
literally any one voice and therefore
yeah it's 100 not banable and yeah let's
continue with the next step and for the
final program in today's guide guys i'm
just going to show you here f and high
priority.reg and i'm quite sure everyone
knows the normal way where you can go
into task manager and set your fortnite
on high priority you have to do it every
time it's super unconvenient and just
really annoying and therefore i actually
built up here this registry guys which
is by the way also on my discord
everything is on my discord you already
know the vice voice and what you want to
do is just simply go into edit here on
your high priority thing just simply run
it and just make sure that it also
selected the right fortnite access here
guys yeah the fortnite client win64
shipping access this is how it should be
called and with that said what this does
it's gonna set your fortnite on high
priority forever legit yeah it's gonna
just set it up so you don't have to do
it every time you launch your windows
you launch a fortnight you know it's
just like super super annoying if you
actually have to do it every time and
this program is just gonna make it so
much easier and then just simply double
click onto it and run your registry guys
and it's gonna say you hear some
additional info can un unintentionally
um change or delete the values blah blah
blah we actually don't have to care
about this just simply press yes i'm
gonna press no here because i obviously
already did it and with that said we are
done here with this whole entire
optimization guide guys i'm super sorry
if i sounded like i have literally no
energy but it was so warm today it was
like 28 degrees celsius here which is
like 82 or something fahrenheit i don't
know depending on if you're from an a
and yeah it's just way too warm i i
can't work properly if you enjoyed it
please don't forget to leave a like and
subscribe to my channel this would help
me out so so much and with that said
have a great day have a great night
whenever you're watching this and until
next time stay awesome i'm out peace
[Music]
inside the crowd